Let me show you something real quick about communicating science.
If you code or analyze data and need to communicate results based on your work, Cordo should definitely
be your friend.
Cordo helps you publish your technical work beautifully anywhere.
By published technical work, whether you're an analyst, scientist, data scientist, or
developer, we're often doing exploratory analysis and development work in some IDE or notebook
or text editor.
When you have results to share, that work is the result of code, sometimes stored in
multiple files and notebooks.
With Cordo, you start with your code as the core of your work, wherever or however you
prefer to do that.
And then by beautifully, we mean, it's one thing to build up these insights inside a
notebook or across multiple projects, and it's another thing to craft that all into
a succinct, singular narrative ready to share with others.
You may want to combine narrative, code, the output of that code.
That could be as simple as a set of slides or text for printer for the web.
Or you may want to offer your audience something interactive so they could dig deeper into
the data.
Cordo helps your audience understand these insights best.